Address PR feedback from #1068 (#1069)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/user-guide/machines/index.md

## The Quantum Development Kit (QDK) quantum simulators

> The quantum simulator is responsible for providing implementations of quantum primitives for an algorithm. This includes primitive operations such as `H`, `CNOT`, and `Measure`, as well as qubit management and tracking. The QDK includes different classes of quantum simulators representing different simulation techniques for the same quantum algorithm. 

Reviewer: I take it this refers to that we have the Toffoli and trace simulators as well as the full-state simulator?

```suggestion
The quantum simulator is responsible for providing implementations of quantum primitives for an algorithm. This includes primitive operations such as `H`, `CNOT`, and `Measure`, as well as qubit management and tracking. The QDK includes different classes of quantum simulators representing different ways of simulating the same quantum algorithm. 
```
